Add knowledge checks with links to Express 103 - Routes and Controllers (#22989)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: nodeJS/express-basics/Express-Lesson-3.md

1. Continue where we left off with part 4 of the [Express tutorial](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs/routes)
</div>

### Knowledge Check

> - <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#assignment'>How do you define a route function in Express?</a>
> - <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#assignment'>Name four HTTP verbs a route might need to handle.</a>
> - <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#assignment'>What is a route parameter, and what syntax is used to define one in a route handler?</a>
> - <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='#assignment'>What is a route-handler callback function commonly called?</a>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs/routes'>How do you define a route function in Express?</a>
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs/routes'>Name four HTTP verbs a route might need to handle.</a>
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs/routes'>What is a route parameter, and what syntax is used to define one in a route handler?</a>
- <a class='knowledge-check-link' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Server-side/Express_Nodejs/routes'>What is a route-handler callback function commonly called?</a>
```
Linking directly to the resource being referenced, rather than just to the assignment section,  is a better user experience for these IMO.
